You know what you need to know about your team? Members of one, you need
to know what? How they sit. What is the right fit? The best fit for
your team. Members do sit down. And you their service, Jack. It's
going to be handed. You're gonna be handed a manic document. And the
watch? Well, watch. Little determines all the people qualify. You
have to something to watch, Bill. That's gonna go up to your reporting
chain of command. And you're something said they're all off to carry
out their watches. Our lives I love you need You need to be about
something that's specific on water. So find out what they could do
by remiss, Sir Jack, it's talking to the chief, talking to division
officers and then watching them watching them doing some grows. OK,
People want a qualified people. Want to be the engineer. Also watch
the quality of the stand watch, runs and drills on Wanted out. If they
have the right judgment, that's how you do it